Update fleets/app in develop section (#2028)
balena-io/docs: pages/learn/develop/dockerfile.md

# Define a container

> {{ $names.company.upper }} uses [Docker][docker] containers to manage fleets. You can use one or more containers to package your services with whichever environments and tools they need to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{ $names.company.upper }} uses [Docker][docker] containers to manage deployment and updates. You can use one or more containers to package your services with whichever environments and tools they need to run.
```

* [COPY][copy] is very similar to [ADD][add], but without the compression and url functionality. According to [the Dockerfile best practices][dockerfile-best-practices], you should always use [COPY][copy] unless the auto-extraction capability of [ADD][add] is needed.

* [CMD][cmd] this command provides defaults for an executing container. This command will be run when the container starts up on your device, whereas RUN commands will be executed on our build servers. In a {{ $names.company.lower }} service, this is typically used to execute a start script or entrypoint for the user's service. [CMD][cmd] should always be the last command in your Dockerfile. The only processes that will run inside the container are the [CMD][cmd] command and all processes that it spawns.

For details on other instructions, consult the official [Dockerfile documentation][dockerfile].

### Using Dockerfiles with {{ $names.company.lower }}

> To deploy a single-container fleet to {{ $names.company.lower }}, simply place a `Dockerfile` at the root of your repository. A `docker-compose.yml` file will be automatically generated, ensuring your container has host networking, is privileged, and has `lib/modules`, `/lib/firmware`, and `/run/dbus` bind mounted into the container. The default `docker-compose.yml` will look something like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy a single-container release to {{ $names.company.lower }}, simply place a `Dockerfile` at the root of your repository. A `docker-compose.yml` file will be automatically generated, ensuring your container has host networking, is privileged, and has `lib/modules`, `/lib/firmware`, and `/run/dbus` bind mounted into the container. The default `docker-compose.yml` will look something like this:
```

      io.balena.features.balena-api: '1'
```

> Fleets with multiple services should include a `Dockerfile` or `package.json` in each service directory. A `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be defined at the root of the repository, as discussed in our [multicontainer documentation][multicontainer].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Releases with multiple services should include a `Dockerfile` or `package.json` in each service directory. A `docker-compose.yml` file will need to be defined at the root of the repository, as discussed in our [multicontainer documentation][multicontainer].
```

This template will build and deploy a Node.js project for any of the devices supported by {{ $names.company.lower }}, regardless of whether the device architecture is [ARM][ARM-link] or [x86][x86-link].
In this example, you can see the build variable `%%{{ $names.company.allCaps }}_MACHINE_NAME%%`. This will be replaced by the machine name (i.e.: `raspberry-pi`) at build time. See below for a list of machine names.

> The machine name is inferred from the device type of the fleet you are pushing to. So if you have an Intel Edison fleet, the machine name will be `intel-edison` and an `i386` architecture base image will be built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The machine name is inferred from the device type of the fleet you are deploying on. So if you have a NanoPi Neo Air fleet, the machine name will be `nanopi-neo-air` and an `armv7hf` architecture base image will be built.
```

There are cases when you would need a higher granularity of control when specifying build instructions for different devices and architectures than a single Dockerfile template can provide. An example of this would be when different configuration or installation files are required for each architecture or device.

> When deploying a fleet, the balenaCloud build servers or the balena CLI tool (depending on the deployment method used) look at all available Dockerfiles and build the appropriate image using the following order of preference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a release, the balenaCloud build servers or the balena CLI tool (depending on the deployment method used) look at all available Dockerfiles and build the appropriate image using the following order of preference:
```

* Dockerfile.\<device-type>
* Dockerfile.\<arch>
* Dockerfile.template

> As an example, let's say you have two Dockerfiles available, `Dockerfile.raspberrypi3` and `Dockerfile.template`. Whenever you publish the application to balenaCloud, if the fleet `device-type` is a Raspberry Pi 3, `Dockerfile.raspberrypi3` will be selected as an exact match and for all other devices the builder will automatically select `Dockerfile.template`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an example, let's say you have two Dockerfiles available, `Dockerfile.raspberrypi3` and `Dockerfile.template`. Whenever you publish the application to balenaCloud, if the fleet `device-type` is Raspberry Pi 3, `Dockerfile.raspberrypi3` will be selected as an exact match and for all other devices the builder will automatically select `Dockerfile.template`.
```

Note that this feature works with the following commands: `git push`, `balena push`, `balena build`, and `balena deploy`.

## Node applications

{{ $names.company.upper }} supports [Node.js][node] natively using the [package.json][package] file located in the root of the repository to determine how to build and execute node applications.

When you push your code to your fleet, the build server generates a [container][container] for the environment your device operates in, deploys your code to it and runs `npm install` to resolve [npm][npm] dependencies, reporting progress to your terminal as it goes.

> If the build executes successfully the container is shipped over to your device where the supervisor runs it in place of any previously running containers, using `npm start` to execute your code (note that if no start script is specified, it defaults to running `node server.js`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the build executes successfully the release is deployed to your device where the supervisor runs it in place of any previously running containers, using `npm start` to execute your code (note that if no start script is specified, it defaults to running `node server.js`.)
```
